question - 1----<>


1.No hacking
2.Huge security Boost
3.Verifiable
4.Data Transparency
6.decentralized

Blockchain is a  system of database management , which uses to secure the data which is there , actually it means , thats not possible to hack or cheat the system.
actually it is distributed in a vast manner , to secure the database management , its essential in lefger transactions..

question - 2

Distributed ledger technologies — collectively known as blockchain — have burst onto the business scene, accompanied by a significant amount of type.
They are widely expected to disrupt existing industries and lead to the creation of new types of companies.
Some of the excitement may indeed be warranted, but only if organizations focus on how these technologies can be used to support their strategy.
Without that lens, companies risk making large investments in initiatives that don’t create meaningful value.
However, with careful planning, businesses can use blockchain to gain an edge over rivals in a number of ways. 
It can provide a foundation for powerful applications that will streamline core operations.
Distributed ledger technologies can lower transaction costs and make intellectual property ownership and payments more transparent, seamless, and automated.
But companies should resist jumping on the bandwagon until they first understand what specific problems they can solve with blockchain — and for whom. 
How will it help them reach new customers? How can it improve efficiency or transparency in their supply chains? And most important, what will blockchain enable 
them to do that competitors and new entrants can’t do? Answering these sorts of practical, targeted questions will allow businesses to cut through the hype and 
create a blockchain strategy that makes sense for them.


question-- 3--<>

1. Cannot be Corrupted:-
Blockchain technology works slightly different than the typical banking system. Instead of relying on centralized authorities, it ensures the blockchain features through a collection of nodes.
Every node on the system has a copy of the digital ledger. To add a transaction every node needs to check its validity. If the majority thinks it’s valid, then it’s added to the ledger. 
This promotes transparency and makes it corruption-proof.

2. Decentralized Technology:-
The network is decentralized meaning it doesn’t have any governing authority or a single person looking after the framework. Rather a group of nodes maintains the network
making it decentralized.This is one of the key features of blockchain technology that works perfectly. Let me make it simpler. Blockchain puts us users in a straightforward 
position. As the system doesn’t require any governing authority, we can directly access it from the web and store our assets there.
You can store anything starting from cryptocurrencies, important documents.

3. Enhanced Security:-
Every information on the blockchain is hashed cryptographically. In simple terms, the information on the network hides the true nature of the data. For this process,
any input data gets through a mathematical algorithm that produces a different kind of value, but the length is always fixed.

4. Distributed Ledgers:-
Usually, a public ledger will provide every information about a transaction and the participant. It’s all out in the open, nowhere to hide. Although the case for private or
federated blockchain is a bit different. But still, in those cases many people can see what really goes on in the ledger.

5. Consensus:-
Every blockchain thrives because of the consensus algorithms. The architecture is cleverly designed, and consensus algorithms are at the core of this architecture.
Every blockchain has a consensus to help the network make decisions.

6. Faster Settlement
Traditional banking systems are quite slow. Sometimes it can take days to process a transaction after finalizing all settlements. It also can be corrupted quite easily. 
Blockchain offers a faster settlement compared to traditional banking systems. This way a user can transfer money relatively faster, which saves a lot of time in the long run.



Question no.4----<>


A Block contain--
-Block Number
-Transaction records
-Pervious Block signature
-Mining Key
A block contains--
-Block no 2
-Trans Record Any Important data you want to store
-Previous block key 0000tyhvfxgjnlklkjjhgxz
-Mining key
Block 1=0+B=C
Block 2=C+D=E

Blocks hold batches of valid transactions that are hashed and encoded into a Merkle tree. Each block includes the cryptographic hash of the prior block in the blockchain,
linking the two. The linked blocks form a chain.This iterative process confirms the integrity of the previous block, all the way back to the original genesis block.
Sometimes separate blocks can be produced concurrently, creating a temporary fork. In addition to a secure hash-based history, any blockchain has a specified algorithm for 
scoring different versions of the history so that one with a higher score can be selected over others. Blocks not selected for inclusion in the chain are called orphan blocks.
Peers supporting the database have different versions of the history from time to time. They keep only the highest-scoring version of the database known to them. Whenever a 
peer receives a higher-scoring version (usually the old version with a single new block added) they extend or overwrite their own database and retransmit the improvement to 
their peers. There is never an absolute guarantee that any particular entry will remain in the best version of the history forever. Blockchains are typically built to add the 
score of new blocks onto old blocks and are given incentives to extend with new blocks rather than overwrite old blocks. Therefore, the probability of an entry becoming 
superseded decreases exponentially as more blocks are built on top of it, eventually becoming very low.For example, bitcoin uses a proof-of-work system, where the chain with 
the most cumulative proof-of-work is considered the valid one by the network. There are a number of methods that can be used to demonstrate a sufficient level of computation.
Within a blockchain the computation is carried out redundantly rather than in the traditional segregated and parallel manner.



Question no. 5:-----<>


Blockchain technology is one of the valuable gift of technology because of its security and verification feature. Blockchain, as you might know, holds all the digital 
information in different blocks which are linked to each other via a hash codes.
Verification (simplified) is the process of running transactions through one way mathematical equations called hashes. When a new block is created, all of its transactions 
are hashed (in some cases, hashed many times), producing a unique result.
These results are verified by other nodes on the network by re-running the same mathematical equations with the same inputs and confirming that the output matches exactly. 
If the output doesn't match what that tells the node is that the inputs don't match, either due to an error or fraud, and the transaction should be ignored.
This process works similarly for validating single transactions as well as validating new blocks.Verification in blockchain is a consensus mechanism based process.
Since blockchain acts as a decentralized ledger with multiple nodes in the network, the transaction must be verified by all nodes. All blockchains are continuous chains
starting from a genesis block upto to the current block.During the process of creating a new block, the transactions are hashed and a unique output or result is created. 
A hash function, takes input, and produces a specific output of a fixed size. It acts a digital fingerprint which cannot be modified.
The successive block in the chain contains a hash of the previous block and each block refers to its predecessor block for authentication. The transactions in a blockchain 
are referred to by their hash. For authentication of a transaction, all nodes must receive same output by running the hash. If different output is received then the transaction 
is considered invalid and is not verified.















































